JBoss/WildFly JMX Integration (#3320)
DataDog/integrations-core: jboss_wildfly/README.md

# Agent Check: JBoss/Wildfly

## Overview

> This check monitors [JBoss][1] and [Wildfly][2] applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This check monitors [JBoss][1] and [WildFly][2] applications.
```

## Setup

### Installation

> The JBoss/Wildfly check is included in the [Datadog Agent][3] package, so you do not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JBoss/Wildfly check is included in the [Datadog Agent][3] package.
```

> The JBoss/Wildfly check is included in the [Datadog Agent][3] package, so you do not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JBoss/WildFly check is included in the [Datadog Agent][3] package, so you do not
```

> need to install anything else on your server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No additional installation is needed on your server.
```

### Configuration

1. Edit the `jboss_wildfly.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your

>    Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your jboss or wildfly application server's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your JBoss or WildFly application server's
```

   performance data. See the [sample jboss_wildfly.d/conf.yaml][3] for all available configuration options.

   This check has a limit of 350 metrics per instance. The number of returned metrics is indicated in the info page.
   You can specify the metrics you are interested in by editing the configuration below. 

>    To learn how to customize the metrics to collect visit the [JMX Checks documentation][4] for more detailed instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To learn how to customize the collected metrics, visit the [JMX Checks documentation][4] for more detailed instructions.
```

>    If you need to monitor more metrics, contact [Datadog support][8].

Reviewer 2: General cuestion, do we give support heads up on these things or just let them come to us when they get the request?

>    If you need to monitor more metrics, please send us an email at support@datadoghq.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you need to monitor more metrics, contact [Datadog support][8].
```

> 2. [Restart the Agent][5]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Restart the Agent][5].
```

### Validation

> [Run the Agent's `status` subcommand][6] and look for `jboss_wildfly` under the Checks section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Run the Agent's status subcommand][6] and look for `jboss_wildfly` under the Checks section.
```

## Data Collected

### Metrics

See [metadata.csv][7] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.

### Service Checks

> JBoss/Wildfly does not include any service checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JBoss/WildFly does not include any service checks.
```

### Events

> JBoss/Wildfly does not include any events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JBoss/WildFly does not include any events.
```
